== Lubyk

Lubyk is an open source tool written in C++ for real time signal processing. This tool uses
the oscit protocol (based on OpenSoundControl) to talk with graphical interfaces.

website: http://lubyk.org

bug tracker: http://lubyk.lighthouseapp.com/projects/17616-lubyk

license: MIT

author: Gaspard Buma (http://gaspardbuma.org)

== History

I started this tool for the show 'home'  (first showed in Arsenic, Lausanne, Switzerland in January 2008)
because I wanted to be able to write Ruby scripts inside a multimedia application. I never felt at home
in the purely visual patchers where you can get lost quite quickly if you create complex works.

Due to speed issues with the first prototype in Ruby, I decided to write the whole thing in C. As I quickly
felt like reinventing object orientation I thought it would be more natural to use C++. The project now uses
Lua for scripting for its speed and ease of integration but the name lubyk (Ruby Kontroller) was kept. In my
country (Switzerland) rubies are used in clockworks so Lubyk is also a reference to this tradition.

== Design goals

I made a lot of efforts so that writing new objects is very easy (look at the code for Print or Metro). This
makes the development/wrapping of new features very lightweight. All these efforts weren't made to the detriment
of speed which was my main concern with this tool (it is meant to run on tiny, embedded hardware !).

Lubyk is the 'dynamic' layer on top of oscit (http://lubyk.org/oscit). You usually interact with a lubyk
server through oscit capable interfaces like mimas (http://lubyk.org/mimas).

== Classes

The real power of lubyk comes from the objects you can create with this tool. These objects are compiled as
dynamic libraries and are only loaded on demand. Currently, there are objects for midi signal processing,
matrix calculations (PCA, VQ, FFT, etc) and lua based scripting tools.

== Compilation

=== Linux

You might need to install readline and ALSA development headers as well as CMake:

 sudo aptitude install readline5-devel libasound2-dev cmake
 make

=== Mac OS X

You should be ok with:

 make

== Directory structure

This is a list of

=== src/core

This folder holds the core classes of Lubyk without which nothing runs.

=== src/support

This holds support classes shared by many objects such as Color, Point, Spline
and so on. The support classes are organized by theme and the header files should
be included with "theme/file_name.h".

=== src/classes

This folder contains the class definitions and implementations for simple classes
that do not require extra libraries or files. The tests for each class should be
called ClassName_test.h and should live in this folder.

Some classes that need many files and eventually external libraries can have their
own folder inside "classes". In this case these folders should contain their own
  CMakeLists.txt compilation rules.

=== vendor

This folder holds external dependencies that are used by many parts of Lubyk like
"oscit" and "lua".

=== test

Contains the test files for librairies and core parts.